I think a junior officer can afford a very comfortable lifestyle. Um,
whether they're single, they probably have a little bit more expendable
income where they can probably purchase. Ah, very modest place to
live. They could have a new opportunity. Thio have social, social
life and and live pretty much normally. What ah, starting career would
be with family. It's a little bit more difficult, because now you're
you're having to deal with potentially school expenses, um, extra
food, extra insurances and things of that nature. But I think very
comfortable. As anyone would say, maybe a police officer, fireman or
just a earlier beginning manager would be very much similar lifestyle
that they could live.